Use correct Poetry config when collecting Poetry projects (#447)
actions/setup-python: README.md

 - For `pip`, the action will cache the global cache directory
 - For `pipenv`, the action will cache virtualenv directory

>  - For `poetry`, the action will cache virtualenv directories -- one for each poetry project found

Reviewer: I think this is a clearer description:

```suggestion
 - For `poetry`, the action will cache virtualenv directory. If the `virtualenvs.in-project` setting is set to `true`, the action will also cache the `.venv` folder within the root directory of each poetry project found. 
```

Author: That's not the only case though. If `virtualenvs.path` is customized, then it will also cache another folder.
How about the following?

```suggestion
 - For `poetry`, the action will cache virtualenv directories. Since poetry projects may customize the virtualenv path (using `virtualenvs.in-project` and `virtualenvs.path`), this may result in multiple folders being cached when there are multiple poetry projects.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good to me
